Show of  fix  for NCSDK-38824 (#28441)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

  **Affected plafforms:** nRF54L Series devices

>   **Workaround:** Set CONFIG_FLASH_FILL_BUFFER_SIZ to 256 or higher. This cause speed increasement of the emullated erase opperations on RRAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Set the value of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FLASH_FILL_BUFFER_SIZE` to ``256`` or higher.
    This speeds up the emulated erase operations on RRAM.
```

  **Affected plafforms:** nRF54L Series devices

>   **Workaround:** Set the value of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FLASH_FILL_BUFFER_SIZ`` to ``256`` or higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** Set the value of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FLASH_FILL_BUFFER_SIZE` Kconfig option  to ``256`` or higher.
```

  **Affected plafforms:** nRF54L Series devices

>   **Workaround:** To fix the issue, update the ``sdk-nrf`` repository by cherry-picking the commits with the folowing hash: ``9d348796552294e48e12084032a607bd339a6b65``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** To fix the issue, update the ``sdk-nrf`` repository by cherry-picking the commits with the following hash: ``9d348796552294e48e12084032a607bd339a6b65``.
```

    The patch sets the value of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FLASH_FILL_BUFFER_SIZ`` kconfig option to ``256``.

>     This speeds up the emulated erase operations on RRAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The patch sets the value of the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_FLASH_FILL_BUFFER_SIZ`` Kconfig option to ``256`` and speeds up the emulated erase operations on RRAM.
```
